AddMe, Free Search Engine Submission Site Promotion and Website Optimization

                  >> Tell a Friend   

                  Home | Newsletter | Link to Us | Advertise | Testimonials | 
                  About

            over 800,000 members


                    Search
                             

            Welcome  


                    Promotion Tools
                        Site Submission
                        Site Optimization
                        ROR Feeds
                        Product Feed Submission
                        Menu Builder
                        Sitemap Generator
                        StatsTracker
                        List Hosting
                        Free Stuff
                        Article Dispenser
                        Meta Tags
                        Keywords
                        Popularity
                        Link Cloaker
                        CompactURL 
                        LinkWatch
                        Flash Banners
                        Website Templates
                        Articles
                        Newsletter
                        Ad Products 
                        All Tools
                        Archive



                               
                               
                               







                        Ads
                        ADster
                        The new way to buy & sell flat-rate text ads!
                        Advertise Here


                        Web Design
                              Give your website a professional look 



                              Click Here! 





                   
            Search Engine Submission and Optimization
            Welcome to Add Me.com, a leading resource for webmasters and 
            small-business owners specialized in website submission and 
            promotion in the search engines, since 1996. Add Me has currently 
            over 800,000 members. Click here to bookmark this website. 


            Search Engine Optimization
            Search engines are a very important source of quality traffic. Learn 
            how search engine optimization can improve your ranking in the 
            search engines. Get 20 guaranteed top 20 ranking in the major search 
            engines.


            Search Engine Submission (+ SEO tool)
            If you want a deep and fast web site submission across the web, this 
            is the service you need. We will perform a monthly submission of 
            your web site to hundreds of search engines for a whole year. This 
            service comes with a powerful SEO keyword suggestion tool.


            Free Search Engine Submission 
            You have a great web site, but no one knows it even exists? You have 
            come to the right place. Add Me! lets you do a web site submission 
            to the top 14 search engines and directory for free. 


            Product Feed Submission  
            Just like website submission helps you submit your website to 
            several search engines using one form, Product Feed Submission helps 
            you submit your products to several shopping search engines using 
            one feed. Froogle feed converter available.


            Search Engine Optimization Language
            ROR (Resources of a Resource) is an XML format for describing your 
            content. With ROR you can describe the objects of your website 
            (including products, services, articles, songs, reviews, etc).


            Pay-Per-Click Search Engine Promotion
            Another great way to attract targeted traffic is through 
            Pay-Per-Click Search Engines. Learn how PPC search engines work and 
            why you should consider using them to attract new customers.


            In-Depth Web Traffic Statistics 
            This tool provides comprehensive real-time analysis of your web 
            traffic. For example, how many hits (page views and unique visitors) 
            your site is receiving each day, week, month and year. Or, where 
            your traffic is coming from (sites, search engines, search engine 
            keywords, etc). And much more. View sample web statistics. 


            Professional Web Design 
            You want to give your site a professional look but don't want to 
            spend too much? We have a great and very cheap solution for you: 
            website templates. Pick your design, download it, make a few simple 
            changes, and voila!


               Promotion Articles 
                  Articles on promoting or running your website or e-business.   
                   


                        Partners






                              Advertise your Site



                        Latest Article 
                              Pay Per Click in 2006 :: The Latest Tactics from 
                              SES NY


                              Using the sessions from SES NY as a guideline, I'm 
                              going to introduce you to what the "experts" are 
                              doing in PPC....

                              Put our articles on your site!



                        Quick Links 
                              Web Directory
                              Quality directory links from ThisIsOurYear
                              Internet Marketing
                              DM Confidential: serving online marketing industry
                              Promotion & Marketing
                              Free website promotion & marketing software
                              focusLook.com
                              Advertise your products and services for free
                              Web Hosting
                              Search and compare web hosting providers
                              DHTML Menu Builder 
                              Create professional looking Javascript Menus 
                              ROR
                              Create a structured feed for the search engines
                              ToptimizeIt.com
                              Search Engine Optimization
                              Bookmark Manager
                              LinkaGoGo - free online Favorites manager
                              Internet Marketing Tips
                              from MarketingFind.com
                              GetAFreeLancer.com
                              Need custom work for your site?
                              AllWebMenus 
                              Stylish Javascript Menu / DHTML Menu 
                              Elib.org
                              Directory of shopping related websites
                              TemplateMonster
                              AnfyTeam



                        Free Newsletter
                              Join our free weekly newsletter full of tips and 
                              advice to better succeed online!
                               













      Privacy Policy         Copyright © 1996 - 2006 Add Me, Inc



  
