Amazing Counters - Free Web Counter Free Hit Counters FREE COUNTERS
             Amazing Counters
             Sign Up
             Sample Counters
             Account Login
             Help / FAQ
             Advertise
        HOMECONTACT


                  Account Login
                  Email Address:
                    Password:
                     
             Amazing Counters offers the best free web counters, free hit 
            counters and free web site statistics. We offer 100's of styles, 
            many useful options and we even include web stats. Sign up is fast, 
            easy and free. Create your counter today!

                  SAMPLE WEB COUNTERS











            Browse Over 450 Counter Styles
            In 20 Categories
            Create a Free Web Counter
            FREE HIT COUNTER
            SIGN UP TODAY!
            We offer the best free hit counter service. Choose us for your free 
            web counter because we offer:
              450+ different styles (see sample counters) 
              Quality, speed and reliability 
              Free web site statistics incl. daily and weekly history 
              Fast & easy sign up and installation (copy & paste) 
              It's FREE! 
            Create Your Free Web Counter Now!

       
                  OUR PARTNERS
             
             
            Discount Online Shopping
            ISP Internet Access 
            Free Forum Hosting 
            Free Image Hosting
                  Free Web Site Statistics
                  Unlike other free hit counters, Amazing Counters features free 
                  web site statistics, allowing you to track your web site 
                  traffic over time. You can browse real-time stats, daily 
                  traffic history for the past 30 days, view weekly traffic 
                  history for the last year, see overall statistics and more. We 
                  even have an invisible counter, so you can just use our free 
                  web counter for private stats. Click here to see sample 
                  statistics! 
                  Easy Installation
                  It is fast and easy to create your free hit counter. Just 
                  select your counter style and enter some basic web site 
                  information such as the URL of your site. This is all it takes 
                  to create your account. Then install the free hit counter on 
                  your web page by simply copyng the counter code we provide and 
                  pasting it into your web page(s) and upload the pages to your 
                  website. Click here to create your web counter! 



        Our free hit counter is simple even if you don't know html code, and it 
      doesn't require java script. It's simple to create a free web site counter 
      for professional
        websites, personal home pages, BLOG web pages, MySpace, Xanga, MSN 
      Spaces, Blogger, etc., using one of our cool unique styles or our hidden 
      invisible
        counters. We're compatible with Frontpage, Dream Weaver, MySpace.com, 
      Xanga, eBay and most other programs, Blogs and website builders.
       
      ©2004 - 2006 Amazing CountersCounter  •  Sign Up  •  Help  •  Privacy  •  
      Disclaimer  •  Credits  •  Contact  •  Advertise  •  Login
       
