Copyright Website - Online Copyright Registration Service and Copyright Information Portal







                    =====HOME=====--PR--Press ReleasesAwardsReferencesAbout 
                    UsBenedict--Policy--PrivacySecuritySupportSite Map
            Welcome to the Internet's first and premiere Copyright Registration 
            and Information Resource.   Launched in 1995, the Copyright Website 
            strives to lubricate the machinations of information delivery by 
            providing transparency to a particularly opaque and obtuse area of 
            intellectual property.  Whether you want to protect your own work by 
            using our Copyright Wizard to file a Copyright Registration with the 
            US Copyright Office, or check out the legal hijinks of the movie, 
            recording and software industries, you've come to the right place!
                  Copyright Registration

                  Use our interactive Copyright Wizard to file a Copyright 
                  Registration for your Website, Screenplay, Song, Software, 
                  Article, Artwork or Video online!
                  Only $99.95 complete!
                  Visual

                  See the notorious fights over copyright on the big screen. 
                  Includes streaming video.
                  Audio

                  Hear the notorious (and some righteous) pillagers of 
                  copyright. Includes streaming audio. 




                  Digital

                  A look at some of the bleeding edge issues involving software 
                  and the Net.
                  Info

                  Get up to speed on the basics of Copyright Law.
                  Home
                  You are here!  Table of Contents, plus our Public Relations 
                  pages.
                  Recent Additions: 
                    DMCA 
                    Affiliate Program 







                   
                  News
                  Copyright Website turns 10! 

                  Copyright Website Marks a Decade of Providing Innovative 
                  Copyright Services and Information.

                  The website celebrated its 10th anniversay on May 1, 2005. 

                  More info.
                   
                  Opportunity
                  Affiliate Program
                  New for 2005!  Copyright Website announces Affiliate Program.  

                   
                  Place a link on your website and earn $$ for each registration 
                  completed by customers referred from your site.

                  More info.
                   
                  Event
                  E3 Expo 2005  
                  Video Game Business Conference
                   
                  May 17-20, 2005
                  Los Angeles Convention Center
                  Los Angeles, CA  USA
                   
                  More info.








             Not Logged-In. 
                         
                         



                   













Privacy   |   Security   |   Support   |   Site Map   |   Affiliate Program 




      Copyright  1995 - 2005 Copyright Website LLC
