Digital Web Magazine The web professional's online magazine of choice.This week
Building Your Own Start-up Technology Company, Part 2
In: Columns > Innovating the Web Experience
 Time for the fun stuff! OK, not quite yet. This week, Dirk Knemeyer covers the 
side of business creative folks tend to find the least exciting—legal, financial 
and human resources. It’s the second part in his four-part in-depth look at 
starting your own technology, software or Web design business. Read more 
Published on April 10, 2006Dirk Knemeyer6 CommentsMuch of this will be the 
  farthest from your personal experience and comfort level, so—just like in high 
  school calculus—this is the time to pay attention!
  — Dirk Knemeyer. Read morePrevious weeks
Campaign Monitor review
In: Reviews > Product Reviews
 Whether it’s you or your clients who need email campaign management and 
tracking, you owe it to your sanity to look into hosted applications. Digital 
Web Magazine product reviewer Ken Westin takes a peek at Campaign Monitor’s 
price-to-performance ratio. Read more 
Published on April 3, 2006Ken Westin3 CommentsPreparing for Widescreen
In: Articles
 You can’t ignore them anymore—Web users with high-resolution widescreen 
monitors are no longer a trifling group. And to them, your 800×600-proof layouts 
are floating in an ocean of white space. Find out how to take advantage of 
screen real estate when you’ve got it—without breaking your site on last year’s 
monitors. Read more 
Published on March 27, 2006Mike Madaio41 CommentsCSS Mastery
In: Reviews > Book Reviews
 Many of us have become intimate with Web standards only through trial and 
error, and rely on a handful of techniques to make things work and look good. If 
you could use a little book-based back-to-the-basics, dive into Andy Budd’s CSS 
Mastery. Read more 
Published on March 20, 2006James McNally12 CommentsBuilding Your Own Start-up 
Technology Company, Part 1
In: Columns > Innovating the Web Experience
 Want to break those corporate-world shackles? Do you dream of enjoying your 
job? Start with five essential planning steps, and learn how to get from here to 
there in part one of a three-parter on building your own start-up tech company. 
Read more 
Published on March 14, 2006Dirk Knemeyer11 CommentsJust Build It: HTML 
Prototyping and Agile Development
In: Columns > View Source
 Everyone’s talking about agile Web development, but misconceptions abound. Do 
you need to shun traditional planning and design documents just to stay 
competitive? And what do your clients really want? Garrett Dimon clears things 
up with a look at how HTML prototyping help you save time and avoid “document 
debt.” Read more 
Published on March 6, 2006Garrett Dimon22 CommentsDerek Featherstone
In: Interviews
 This week, we crack Derek Featherstone’s playbook for his best accessibility 
tips—from evaluating features with disabled users to creating micro-layouts and 
marking up links. Jump in and find out what’s up Feather’s sleeve in 2006. Read 
more 
Published on February 27, 2006Carolyn Wood6 CommentsUsability for Rich Internet 
Applications
In: Articles
 So you’ve stopped cringing at the term “Ajax” and you’re ready to start 
building. But, aside from studying a handful of well-designed sites, how do you 
figure out how to build usability into your rich Internet applications? Donna 
Maurer offers tips on designing pages and visual processes for a new generation 
of apps. Read more 
Published on February 20, 2006Donna Maurer17 CommentsMore Articles By DateDaily 
News2005 Reader Survey Results
Well, some things are better done late than never. I finally got around to 
publishing the results of the 2005 Digital Web Magazine Reader Survey that we 
took in December 2005 and January 2006. Some quick take-aways from this year's 
survey:
  The 25 to 34 age bracket seems to be growing even more this year 
  There's a slight increase in women reading Digial Web Magazine 
  Two to four-person companies seem to be on the upraise 
  More readers are adopting 1280x1024 for their display area size 
  DSL is becoming slightly more adopted where Cable is remaining consistant with 
  last year 
  Firefox usage keeps increasing this year where IE and Safari usage is 
  decreasing 
  Stylesheets, User Experience Design, and User-Centered Design are the top 
  three topics of choice 
Those are just some quick indicators. Go ahead and check out the results 
yourself and make your own calls.
April 11, 2006 at 10:12 PMNick Finck3 CommentsArticle: Building Your Own 
Start-up Technology Company, Part 2
This week, Innovating the Web Experience columnist and Involution Studios 
partner Dirk Knemeyer shares his knowledge on the legal, financial and human 
resources aspects of starting your own business in this second part of a 
four-part series on Building a Start-Up Tech Company. Read more...
April 10, 2006 at 8:30 PMKrista Stevens0 CommentsComet, the compliment of AJAX
My good friend, Ross Olson tells me that there is a new acronym in town. Hot on 
the heels of the hype for AJAX comes ...Comet, Low Latency Data for the Browser. 
Ross goes on to say "Ajax is good for the browser, but doesn't allow the server 
to have it's say. Comet allows the server to push asynchronously. Ajax allows 
the browser to pull asynchronously. Two great tastes that taste great together. 
They compliment each other." Just like AJAX the technology is nothing new, but 
simply a repackaging of something that has been around for a while. Alex Russell 
is the guy behind Comet and if all goes well he may be giving Comet workshops 
and traveling the world on book tours in about a year.
April 10, 2006 at 3:22 PMNick Finck0 CommentsApple, Microsoft, and Linux all in 
bed together?
On the heels of the Microsoft does Linux announcement comes the Apple does 
Microsoft announcement. No folks, this is not some idiot April Fools joke, it's 
April 5th and I assure you this is very real. Which will, of course, beg the 
question What if Microsoft Bought Apple? Yikes. [thanks for the tips Tristan 
Louis, Garrett Dimon, and Thomas Vander Wal]
April 5, 2006 at 7:19 AMNick Finck3 CommentsOmni starts blogging
Linda Sharps, "The Marketing Weasel" at The Omni Group, tells us that they now 
have a blog up.. so now you can hear all your Omni related news directly from, 
well, The Omni Mouth. Linda goes on to say "However, lack of demand WILL NOT 
STOP US. No, indeed, we are barging straight ahead into the magical world of 
blogging. Because we are focused on community! And we like talking with our 
users! And, well, some of us have too much time on our hands."
April 4, 2006 at 3:11 PMNick Finck1 CommentSubscribe with Bloglines - Technorati 
Profile - Technorati Cosmos
More News By Date
Advertise with us
Copyright © 1994-2006 Digital Web Magazine. All Rights Reserved.Home 
  Contribute Subscribe Contact About Articles by topic Articles by date Articles 
  by author Articles by title Articles by type Search   
Advertise with us
Photos provided courtesy of iStockPhoto.com

Publication managed with the help of Basecamp

Newsletter powered by Campaign Monitor 