Dr. Dobb's
  
         
        

      ABOUT US | CONTACT | ADVERTISE | SUBSCRIBE | SOURCE CODE | CURRENT PRINT 
      ISSUE | FORUMS | NEWSLETTERS 


      IN THE NEWS show me more
      Cross-platform Virus Infects Linux And Windows 
      A Russian security company announced Friday that it had found a cross-over 
      virus that can infect PCs running either the open-source Linux or 
      Microsoft Windows operating systems.
      April 7, 2006 

       
            Mac Users May Meet Windows Threats

            By applying Apple Computer's just-released Boot Camp, Mac owners can 
            now create a dual-boot system that runs either Mac OS X or Windows 
            XP. It's the latter that worries some in the security field, since 
            it makes Mac users vulnerable to XP exploits. Others suggest the 
            dual-boot may offer useful resiliency and a fallback mechanism.
            April 6, 2006 
            NIS Releases Biometric Face and Signature Software
            April 14, 2006 
            Web App Hack Incidents Are Up As Businesses Take Cover
            April 12, 2006 
            JBoss CEO Fleury Sets Record Straight On Company’s Sale To Red Hat
            April 11, 2006 
            Embedded experts: Fix code bugs or cost lives
            April 10, 2006 


            VIEWPOINTS more 
              EDITOR'S EYE
            by Jon Erickson

            Google Launches Summer of Code 2006
            Google has launched its Summer of Code 2006, a program that offers 
            student developers stipends to create new open source programs or to 
            help currently established projects. (Dr. Dobb's provided extensive 
            coverage of last year's Summer of Code 2005, including... April 17, 
            2006 EVENTS

            DR. DOBB'S ARCHITECTURE & DESIGN WORLD 2006
            July 17-20, 2006
            Chicago, IL.

            Full conference details and online registration will be available 
            here in mid-April. Please sign up for our mailing list if you'd like 
            to receive a copy of the Architecture & Design World catalog.

            SD BEST PRACTICES 2006
            September 11-14, 2006
            Hynes Convention Center, Boston, MA.

            More details will be available here in May 2006.

            TOP 5 ARTICLES
            Translating .NET to .NET 
            A Frame-Based Message-Passing Parser for C 
            Accelerating Compute Intensive Functions Using C 
            And the Scales Fell From Java's Eyes 
            Consuming .NET Web Services in Oracle JDeveloper 
      RESEARCH PAPERS & REPORTS
      Find white papers, case studies, Webcasts and analyst reports on 
      everything from design through development to testing and implementation.
      Mobile Location Services: location-based technology and vision for the 
      next-generation of enhanced services 
      Cost Control Through Remote Control: A Practical Approach to Reducing the 
      Cost of Supporting PCs in a Multi-Platform Environment 
      Management Alert: The Sarbanes-Oxley Act Will Affect Your Enterprise 
      Common Sense Security Auditing ON THE NEWSTAND show me more 
       
      Dependency Injection & Testable Objects
      Dependency injection is a pattern for designing loosely coupled and 
      testable objects. 
      Postmortem Debugging
      This postmortem analysis approach lets you identify and resolve hidden 
      errors, but with little impact on the program. 
      Performance Analysis & Multicore Processors Gary and Walter describe how 
      to use runtime performance analysis to make single-threaded applications 
      multithreaded. 
      Incrementally Updating Software
      Providing downloadable updates for selected portions of an application is 
      critical to the development process. 
      Domain-Specific Languages & DSL Workbench
      Domain-specific languages can enable richer development environments than 
      those provided by general-purpose languages. 
      I, Testbot
      Testbots let you move the effort of building and testing from your 
      shoulders to that of software robots. 
      Message Handling Without Dependencies
      You can use the full power of C++ to pass messages while maintaining type 
      safety and avoiding monolithic functions. 

            DDJ MEDIA CENTER more 
            Multimedia
            Translating .NET to .NET
            A talk with Dave Doknjas of Tangible Software Solutions, developer 
            of Instant C#, Instant C++ and Instant VB. Dave discusses converting 
            .NET applications from VB.NET to C#, or C# to VB.NET with an 
            overview of the challenges of translating .NET languages. (MP3, 
            14:54 mins.)

            Multimedia
            VB6 to .NET: A Look Back at the Road Ahead
            Hybrid Interop or Total Rewrite? Refactoring or "Prefactoring"? 
            Hosts Mark Baker and Nik Hemdal review the series of shows on 
            migrating Visual Basic 6.0 applications to .NET.

            Multimedia
            Infrastructure Management Institute Launched
            Tim Ferguson explains the goals of the recently launched 
            Infrastructure Management Institute. (MP3, 4:41 mins.)

            Multimedia
            Debugging and Full System Simulation
            Peter Magnusson explains how multiprocessing is driving the need for 
            simulation in systems-level debugging. (MP3, 4:37 mins.)

                                                     DEPARTMENTS
            Home

            C/C++

            Java

            Architecture & Design

            Eclipse & Open Source

            Windows/.NET

            Database

            Testing & Debugging

            SOA, Web Services & XML

            Mobility

            Security

            Global Developer

            64-bit/Multicore

            Embedded Systems

            Lightweight Languages

            AI and Robotics

            Linux/UNIX



                   More Media  |  Help

                        Dr. Dobb's TV Video Tutorials
                        Refactoring in Document Outline

                   




       
            MOST RECENT ARTICLES
            Offshoring confidential 
            Postmortem Debugging 
            Of Interest 
            Dependency Injection & Testable Objects 
            Putting Portable Storage in Perspective HOT FORUM TOPICS INFO-LINK 
            HP Workstations for Software Developers. Great Value at PC Prices. 
             
            Linux/UNIX Developers - Check out the Developer::Linux/UNIX Pipeline
             
            Need C/C++ Information? Visit the Developer::C++ Pipeline
             
            Dr. Dobb's Developer Library DVD: Release 1 - BUY YOUR COPY TODAY
              


 
 
      MARKETPLACE 
      Ensure global WAN & LAN network availability 
      Find out how to ensure global WAN and LAN network availability for all 
      networked financial and banking applications across distributed 
      organizations. Free white papers from NetScout. 
      White paper: Collaboration in Financial Services 
      A top industry consultant recommends that financial companies implement 
      collaboration technologies such as workflow, instant messaging and virtual 
      workspaces. Download this free white paper to learn more about 
      collaboration in financial markets. 
      Recovery Management-When Backup Alone Isn't Enough 
      Today's businesses can no longer rely on traditional backup or data 
      replication methodologies alone. Learn how EMC recovery management enables 
      you to deliver higher levels of recovery services and enhance data 
      protection strategies. 
      HP Workstations with Intel(R) Xeon(TM) Processors 
      High computing needs for Financial Applications? HP Workstations provide 
      the solutions for you. We understand the tradersý workspace limitations 
      and design our workstations to maximize productivity. Click now to see 
      great offers. 
      Try WebEx Web Conferencing Free 
      WebEx online meetings and web conferencing solutions: Meet colleagues 
      online, host web events, train your staff, provide live support. Try it 
      out free now. 

 
 | 
Copyright © 2006 CMP Media, LLC, Privacy Policy, Your California Privacy Rights, 
Terms of Service
Comments about the web site: webmaster@ddj.com 
SDMG Websites: BYTE.com, DotNetJunkies, MSDN Magazine, Sys Admin, SD Expo, 
SqlJunkies, Unixreview  