Firefox - Rediscover the Web
  Products Extensions Support Developers 
Home » Products » Firefox 
 

The award-winning, free Web browser is better than ever. Browse the Web with 
confidence - Firefox protects you from viruses, spyware and pop-ups. Enjoy 
improvements to performance, ease of use and privacy. It's easy to import your 
favorites and settings and get started. Download Firefox now and get the most 
out of the Web.
Download Firefox 
1.5.0.2 for Windows, English (4.9MB) 
System Requirements - Release Notes - Other Systems & Languages 



Awards
 
Learn More
  Tabbed Browsing   Integrated Search   Live Bookmarks A Better Web Experience 

  Firefox 1.5 has an intuitive interface and blocks viruses, spyware, and popup 
  ads. It delivers Web pages faster than ever. And it’s easy to install and 
  import your favorites. Packed with useful features like tabbed browsing, Live 
  Bookmarks, and an integrated Search bar, Firefox will change the way you 
  experience the Web, for the better. 
  Faster Browsing 
  Enjoy quick page loading as you navigate back and forward in a browsing 
  session. Improvements to the engine that powers Firefox deliver more accurate 
  display of complex Web sites, support for new Web standards, and better 
  overall performance. 
  Automatic Updates 
  The new Software Update feature makes it easy to get the latest security and 
  feature updates to Firefox. Firefox automatically downloads these small 
  updates in the background and prompts you when they are ready to be installed. 

  Tabbed Browsing 
  Use tabbed browsing to open multiple Web pages in a single browser window, and 
  quickly flip back and forth. Drag and drop open tabs to keep related pages 
  together. 
  Improved Pop-up Blocking 
  Firefox’s built-in pop-up blocker has been enhanced to block more unwanted 
  pop-up and pop-under ads. 
  Integrated Search 
  Tap into the power of the Web’s most popular search engines with the built-in 
  Search bar, and easily add new engines. 
  Stronger Security 
  Firefox keeps you more secure when you’re browsing the Web, closing the door 
  on spyware, worms, and viruses. The Firefox community of developers and 
  security experts works around the clock to monitor security issues and release 
  updates to better protect you. 
  Clear Private Data 
  Protect your privacy with the new Clear Private Data tool. With a single 
  click, you can delete all personal data, including browsing history, cookies, 
  Web form entries and passwords. 
  Live Bookmarks 
  Stay up to date with your favorite Web sites and blogs. Use Live Bookmarks 
  that update themselves automatically with the latest content from the Web. 
  Accessibility 
  Firefox 1.5 delivers easier navigation for everyone, including those who are 
  visually or motor-impaired. Firefox is the first browser to support DHTML 
  accessibility, which, when enabled by Web authors, allows rich Web 
  applications to be read aloud. Users may navigate with keystrokes rather than 
  mouse clicks, reducing the tabbing required to navigate documents such as 
  spreadsheets. Firefox 1.5 (Windows version) is also the first browser to meet 
  US federal government requirements that software be easily accessible to users 
  with physical impairments. 
  Customize Firefox 
  Select new button controls for your toolbars, install extensions to add new 
  features, or change the look of your browser with themes - the way Firefox 
  looks and works is under your control. 
  Next Generation Web Support 
  Innovative new Web applications and services deliver a richer Web experience. 
  Support for open Web standards in Firefox ensures you can get the most out of 
  this emerging class of Web-based tools. 


  About Us Privacy Policy Legal Notices 
Other Languages:Català Čeština Dansk Deutsch Ελληνική Español Euskara Français 
  Italiano Lietuvių Magyar Nederlands Norsk Polski Português (do Brasil) 
  Português (Europeu) Română Slovenský Shqip Suomi Türkçe 中文 (简体) (China) 日本語 
  (Japan) 한국어 (Korea) 正體中文 (繁體) (Taiwan) 
International Affiliates: Mozilla Europe  Mozilla Japan  Mozilla China 
Mozilla Corporation is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Mozilla Foundation.
Copyright © 2005–2006 Mozilla Corporation. All rights reserved.
  Document History 
  Edit 
