Free Hit Counter / Web Counter

        Register  |   Demo  |   Services  |   Features  |   Help  |   User Forum 
       |   About  | 
            Get Started!

            It's easy and free - just 4 simple steps:

              Register an account 
              Create a Project 
              Insert the code on your website 
              Analyse your stats! 





            WELCOME
            Reliable Web Tracker
            Fast Hit Counter
            Insightful Web Stats
            How It Works
            What Our Members Say
            Why Is It Free?



      Free Hit Counter / Web Counter
      Just how configurable are our free hit counters (also known as web 
      counters), and why should you use one? Firstly it is completely optional 
      whether to display a counter or not. We track your visitors for free and 
      you can choose to go completely invisible. No ads!
      Most members however, freely choose to display a hit counter because the 
      level of configurability is just so damn good. If you do go for the 
      counter option - then that's all that will be displayed. Your perfectly 
      configured hit counter! We do not add on any of our own advertising to 
      your counter. It's your website - you know what works and looks good. We 
      always prefer to give the control to you - the webmaster.
      Begin your starting count at whatever number you wish - very handy if you 
      are transferring over from another web counter service. You can also 'lie' 
      about the popularity of your website - but if you're going to artifically 
      inflate your count, then try to use a realistic number. Or your visitors 
      won't believe you.
      Choose between displaying unique visitors or page loads. Specify precisely 
      the background and digit color for your counter to blend in perfectly with 
      your website. It gets even better than that - if you want to place your 
      counter over an image on your website, you can set your background or 
      digits to be transparent. Allowing the image on your website blend in very 
      nicely with your counter. 
      There are 5 different digit fonts to choose from, and you can instruct how 
      many digits long you want your counter to be! We are damn proud of the 
      configurability we offer. Please show me someone else who offers all this 
      for free or even paid!?

      Of course the only way to experience this highly configurable counter 
      interface for yourself is to register right now for your free account.
      Copyright 1999-2006 © StatCounter, All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | 
      Terms and Conditions
 