HTML Help by The Web Design Group... Making the Web accessible to all.


The Web Design Group was founded to promote the creation of non-browser 
specific, non-resolution specific, creative and informative sites that are 
accessible to all users worldwide. To this end, the WDG offers material on a 
wide range of HTML related topics. We hope that with this site as a reference, 
you will be able to create Web sites that can be used by every person on the 
Internet, regardless of browser, platform, or settings.
Search HTMLHelp.com:  
Web Authoring Reference
Includes the HTML 4.0 Reference, the HTML 3.2 (Wilbur) Reference, and our 
Cascading Style Sheets Guide. Offline versions are also available, as well as 
the HTML 4.0 Reference in Japanese, the CSS Guide in Japanese, the CSS Guide in 
Chinese, and the CSS Guide in Spanish.


Tools
Online tools including our HTML Validator; CSSCheck, a Cascading Style Sheets 
lint; cg-eye, a CGI test kit; Link Valet, a Link Checker; and WiDGets, authoring 
tools and accessibility add-ons for IE4 for Win95/NT4. 
NEW! Site Valet, a deluxe website monitoring service incorporating online tools.


FAQ Archives
Features Web authoring Frequently Asked Questions and the CGI Programming FAQ.


Design Elements
Features a Style Guide, Standards for HTML Authoring, An Introduction to Frames, 
a Guide to Accessibility, a discussion of Document Types and the WDG DTD, Image 
Tips, Guide to Legal Issues, and a handy list of RGB Color Codes.


Feature Article
Currently featuring John P's Improving Search Engine Rankings.


HTML Help BBS
Have a question or something to discuss? Novices and experts alike are 
encouraged to participate in our HTML Help BBS.


Links
Helpful Web authoring links, including links to FAQs, Tutorials, Validators, and 
more.


For a quick look at the site, see our Index page.
For advertising information, please see our Advertising section. For other 
comments or suggestions, contact liam@htmlhelp.com. 
Advertising
Quality Web Hosting from Fasthosts. Superb home and business deals.
Website Hosting from ImHosted.com, 12GB Space/250GB Transfer, Free Domain & 
Website Builder. $6.95/mo
Business Web Hosting by BlueFish Web Hosting Services - Only $6.95 per month.
Website Hosting - WebsiteSource.com - Host 4 sites, unlimited sub-domains, free 
domain registration.
Cheap Web Hosting from Lypha.com - 20GB Space, 250GB Transfer. $6.95/mo 
PHP/Mysql/Cgi
Premium Website Templates - Unlimited downloads of 1000's of professional 
templates and print designs starting at $49.99 from BoxedArt.
Copyright © 1996-2006  All rights reserved.