StatCounter Free invisible Web tracker, Hit counter and Web stats

        Register  |   Demo  |   Services  |   Features  |   Help  |   User Forum 
       |   About  | 
      Username:

      Password:

       remember me
       
      forgot password?


            RECOMMENDED
            Website Optimization
            Website Promotion
            Website Submission
            Trendy Flash Templates
            Be #1 on Google/Yahoo
            Australia Domain Names
            .com.au Domain Names
            SSL Certificates
            FREE Email Marketing
            Internet Advertising
            Internet Marketing
            20 Search Engines Free
            Web Hosting
            Make Your Own Website
            Free Soft Downloads
            Sponsored Links
            ### Free Site Search ###
            Make your web site searchable in seconds. Add a free search box !
            Advertise Here
            LINKS
            The Free Site



                  What is STATCOUNTER? 
                  A free yet reliable invisible web tracker, highly configurable 
                  hit counter and real-time detailed web stats. Insert a simple 
                  piece of our code on your web page and you will be able to 
                  analyse and monitor all the visitors to your website in 
                  real-time! 

                    Free, Fast, Responsive, Quick loading and Reliable Service.
                    Invisible Tracking - no ads on your website.
                    Accurate real-time website statistics with detailed visitor 
                    tracking and analysis.
                  How does it work?

                         Inside every FREE StatCounter Account you can set up a 
                        StatCounter Project..
                         
                          
                         ..and with every project you get Project Code + Log 
                        Space!
                         
                          
                         You put your code into your webpage and every time 
                        someone visits a webpage..
                         
                          
                         ..the StatCounter Project code sends valuable 
                        information about the visitor back to your log.
                         
                          
                         StatCounter organises all this information into charts 
                        & lists to make your analysis easier..
                         
                          
                         ..and if you have more than one site, you simply set up 
                        another StatCounter Project!

                        Our Paid Services
                        StatCounter offers what we believe is the best free web 
                        counter service in the world - it is StatCounter's 
                        foundation, and we constantly strive to improve it. In 
                        fact, our free service offers more than most pay-only 
                        services! However, some of our members have demanded 
                        even more, and so we have introduced a number of 
                        optional upgrades to enhance the service available for 
                        such users. 

                        Our free service is aimed at websites with 250,000 
                        pageloads per month or less and offers lifetime summary 
                        stats and a detailed analysis of your last 100 
                        pageloads. 

                        What is your log-size? 

                        StatCounter offers lifetime summary stats covering all 
                        your pageloads for free. However in addition we also 
                        offer the most detailed analysis available anywhere for 
                        a smaller number of your latest pageloads. Your log-size 
                        determines how many pageloads are covered by this vastly 
                        more detailed analysis. The free service offers a 
                        log-size of 100 pageloads, however upgraded services 
                        offer more. 

                        If you find your site growing beyond 250,000 pageloads a 
                        month, or requiring detailed analysis of more pageloads, 
                        you can optionally upgrade at any time from your free 
                        account. A number of options are available:

                              Log-SizePageloads/MonthPrice/Month
                              100250,000FREE
                              1,0001,500,000$9
                              10,0007,500,000$19
                              25,00015,000,000$29

                        Remember all plans including free come with lifetime 
                        summary stats and are jam-packed with special features 
                        and services.

                  Get Started! 
                  It's easy and free - just 4 simple steps:
                    Register an account
                    Create a Project
                    Insert the code on your website
                    Analyze your stats!
                    

                         



                          Why is this service free? Where's the catch? 

                          Click here for a demo of our web statistics! 


                        KEY FEATURES 
                          Invisible or Visible Counter - your choice! 
                          Custom Summary Stats based on all your visitors 
                          Highly detailed Analysis of your last 100 pageloads 
                          Manage multiple sites from one account 
                          Discover: 
                            what keywords visitors use to find your site 
                            your most popular pages 
                            links used to reach your site 
                            what countries your visitors come from 
                            how visitors navigate through your site 
                            ..and much more 
                          Email reports 
                          And MUCH more! 


                        WHAT OUR MEMBERS SAY:
                        "I LOVE this service, LOVE IT! I'm so impressed with you 
                        guys, you have no idea. I'm a small business and 
                        StatCounter.Com is helping me make everyday decisions in 
                        real time! I am able to figure out what is working for 
                        my new websites and my new business immediately after I 
                        implement a change. I can't thank you enough"
                        - Colin McGrath, DSL-Experts.com 
                        I run websites for a number of voluntary organisations. 
                        Primary criteria for anything I use is that it must be 
                        minimum cost - preferably free. When I stumbled across 
                        StatCounter I was cautious. I spoke with some 
                        professional colleagues who all asked the same question 
                        – what’s the catch… we still can’t find one.
                        - Tony Bell, Suffolk Basketball
                        Am I dreaming. Is this for real?
                        After 2 weeks of searching for a service that would give 
                        me the statistics I needed from my sites visitors, I 
                        stumbled across your site. There it was in front of me, 
                        everything I needed and more and FREE! As I type this I 
                        am uploading my pages with the code. I've viewed the 
                        demo pages and have no doubt that this is exactly the 
                        tool I need to track how my affiliates are going. I can 
                        not thank you enough for offering a much needed service 
                        at the right price to small website owners with NO 
                        budget. Seems I was wrong. Not everyone is out to make a 
                        quick buck off those trying to get somewhere.
                        - Ann, Queensland, Australia 

                        Click here for more Member comments! 



      Copyright 1999-2006 © StatCounter, All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | 
      Terms and Conditions
 