The Web Standards ProjectThe Web Standards ProjectThe Web Standards Project is 
  a grassroots coalition fighting for standards which ensure simple, affordable 
  access to web technologies for all.Skip to content SearchSearch WaSP    About 
  Learn Action Buzz Press 

Task Forces' Latest
Accessibility TF
The Accessibility Task Force works with accessibility organizations, technology 
vendors and others to help promote Web accessibility.
First ATF F2F Meeting
The ATF had its first chance to meet face-to-face during SxSW Interactive in 
Austin, Texas. 
By Matt May | March 13th, 2006ACID2
Acid2 is a test page, written to help browser vendors ensure proper support for 
Web and related standards in their products.
Acid2 Supported in Opera One Year Later
Opera 9 passes Acid2, next step for Opera is mobile, and preliminary mumblings 
about Acid3 have begun. 
By Molly E. Holzschlag | March 28th, 2006DOM Scripting TF
The DOM Scripting Task Force evangelizes unobtrusive scripting and facilitates 
knowledge sharing. 
DOM Builder
Now here’s a script we can get behind… Dan Webb’s DOM Builder combines the ease 
of innerHTML with the precision of DOM methods. 
By Jeremy Keith | April 13th, 2006Dreamweaver TF
The Dreamweaver Task Force works with Macromedia's engineers to improve 
standards compliance and accessibility in Dreamweaver.
Microformat Extensions for Dreamweaver
As part of our remit to encourage the use of web standards amongst the 
Dreamweaver community, the DWTF has produced a suite of extensions to help make 
working with Microformats easy. 
By Drew McLellan | March 30th, 2006Education TF
The Education Task Force works with institutions of higher education to promote 
instruction of Web standards and standards-compliant public sites.
Notre Dame Web Group
Lead Web developer Steve Smith and the University of Notre Dame Web Group tackle 
web standards and accessibility in original and exciting ways. 
By Holly Marie Koltz | April 12th, 2006Microsoft TF
WaSP and Microsoft work collaboratively on issues related to Web standards 
support in Microsoft products, including Internet Explorer.
Microsoft IE7 Progress: Sneak Preview of MIX06 Release
I'm sitting here with Malarkey and Markus Mielke in Mandelieu, a beautiful town 
in the south of France. We're here attending the W3C Technical Plenary and 
Markus has been kind enough to give us a sneak preview of the ...
By Molly E. Holzschlag | March 5th, 2006The Web Standards Project is a 
grassroots coalition fighting for standards which ensure simple, affordable 
access to web technologies for all.
Recent Buzz
Print-ready poster: separation in a nutshell
By Ben Henick | April 17th, 2006
Natalie Jost put together a print-ready poster, available as a PDF file, which 
describes the benefit of standards-friendly development techniques in a visual 
way. It’s behind a link within the entry in question.
Try it, you might like it. It’s one of those "I wish I’d thought of that" 
things.
I’d first thought not to mention the poster here, but then I considered all of 
the programmers I’ve worked with over the years who think "oh, we need to 
include content or interface bits that are laid out a certain way, so let’s use 
a table to specify their layout."
Stretch tnings out across enough includes and all of those tables start to run 
together. Thence hilarity ensues the first time a producer makes a mistake, or 
something on the server breaks… and this "nutshell" poster makes it easy to 
grasp how simply that outcome can be avoided.
Filed in CSS, HTML/XHTML, DOM, Outreach
More Buzz articles
      TitleAuthor
      DOM BuilderJeremy Keith
      Notre Dame Web GroupHolly Marie Koltz
      Spiffy Markup?Ian Lloyd
      Blogger - Can I get in please?Ian Lloyd
      Show Us Yer White Bits!Ian Lloyd


Back to TopAll of the entries posted in WaSP Buzz express the opinions of their 
individual authors. They do not necessarily reflect the plans or positions of 
the Web Standards Project as a group.
This site is valid XHTML 1.0 Strict, CSS | Get Buzz via RSS or Atom | Colophon | 
Legal