Tree of Life Web Project HomeTree of Life Web Project
Explore the Tree of Life
Browse the Site
  Root of the Tree
  Popular Pages
  Sample Pages
  Recent Additions
  Random Page
  Treehouses
  Biographies
  Picture Sampler
  
advanced
News
Each revision of a Tree of Life branch or leaf page is now archived... 
read more about this pictureLearn about ...
Ameloctopus litoralis
 (banded drop-arm octopus)
 
image info
 
"This distinctive long-armed species is restricted to intertidal coastal waters 
of northern Australia...."
read more
previously featured pages The Tree of Life Web Project (ToL) is a collaborative 
effort of biologists from around the world. On more than 4000 World Wide Web 
pages, the project provides information about the diversity of organisms on 
Earth, their evolutionary history (phylogeny), and characteristics. 
Each page contains information about a particular group of organisms (e.g., 
echinoderms, tyrannosaurs, phlox flowers, cephalopods, club fungi, or the 
salamanderfish of Western Australia). ToL pages are linked one to another 
hierarchically, in the form of the evolutionary tree of life. Starting with the 
root of all Life on Earth and moving out along diverging branches to individual 
species, the structure of the ToL project thus illustrates the genetic 
connections between all living things.
read more about the Tree of Life Web Project...
  
"The affinities of all the beings of the same class have sometimes been 
represented by a great tree... As buds give rise by growth to fresh buds, and 
these if vigorous, branch out and overtop on all sides many a feebler branch, so 
by generation I believe it has been with the great Tree of Life, which fills 
with its dead and broken branches the crust of the earth, and covers the surface 
with its ever branching and beautiful ramifications." 
Charles Darwin, 1859
 
  Browse Help Features Learning Contribute About Search 
Privacy Policy — Copyright Policies
 
Tree of Life design, images, and icons copyright © 1995-2005 Tree of Life Web 
Project. All rights reserved.
Image of rose © 1999 Nick Kurzenko. Image of annelid worm © 2001 Greg W. Rouse.
 The Tree of Life Web Project is hosted by The University of Arizona College of 
Agriculture and Life Sciences and The University of Arizona Library
Site Navigation
  Browse Help Features Learning Contribute About 