USGS Education
                  USGS Home
                  Contact USGS
                  Search USGS 


      Educational Resources 

The USGS and Science Education

The U.S. Geological Survey provides scientific information intended to help 
educate the public about natural resources, natural hazards, geospatial data, 
and issues that affect our quality of life. Discover selected online resources, 
including lessons, data, maps, and more, to support teaching, learning, 
education (K-12), and university-level inquiry and research. 


      What's New, What's Happening Educational Resources Of Special Interest 
      1906 San Francisco Earthquake Centennial
      New maps, field trips, data sets, and activities to commemorate the 
      devastating earthquake of a century ago. 
      USGS Polar Resources
      Examine USGS research and resources in support of the International Polar 
      Year. 
      New Earthquake Teaching Resources
      Two new earthquake teaching resources from the USGS are available! 
      Earthquake Science Explained: Ten short articles for students, teachers, 
      and families, on: http://pubs.usgs.gov/gip/2006/21/, and "Living in 
      Earthquake Country: A Teaching Box," on: 
      http://www.teachingboxes.org/earthquakes/
      January through April 2006: Augustine Volcano is Erupting! 
      View live webcam and Discover USGS Volcano educational resources. 
      News And Information
      Learn about science education activities at the USGS, and beyond. This 
      page has information about societies and state and federal government 
      organizations involved in the Earth Sciences.

      USGS Joins Science Teachers at National Convention: The USGS joined more 
      than 400 science organizations exhibiting products and services at the 
      National Science Teachers Association (NSTA) National Convention, April 
      6-8, in Anaheim, Calif.  
      See above link for photographs and more information. 
      USGS Educational Resources For Primary Grades (K-6)

      USGS Educational Resources For Secondary Grades (7-12)

      USGS Educational Resources For Undergraduate Education 

      USGS Resources For California's Education Standards (K-12) 
      This website links selected online resources to an established list of 
      Science and History-Social Science content standards for California. 

      Schoolyard Geology 
      Activities and examples to turn your schoolyard into a rich geologic 
      experience. 
      The "GIS Lab"
      Lessons, data, and information about using Geographic Information Systems 
      (GIS) and spatial analysis in education.

      The "GPS Class"
      Lessons and information about using Global Positioning Systems (GPS) in 
      education.
      USGS Publications 
      Search d atabase of over 69,000 USGS maps, books, and other publications . 


      Selected Popular USGS Websites: 
      Earthquakes, Volcanoes, Landslides, Tsunamis, Coastal Storms, Wildfires, 
      Water Resources, Biology, Astrogeology, Paleontology, and Geology of 
      National Parks. 
      Find A Map!
      Links to popular USGS map resources and map databases, including The 
      National Map and The National Atlas. 

      Our Changing Planet 
      Think that geography is just memorizing state capitals? With these USGS 
      resources and lessons, you'll be investigating our changing planet!
      Careers in Science
      Web resources and videos about USGS Science and Careers.

      Careers And Opportunities With the USGS
      The USGS offers student employment and opportunities to volunteer in 
      scientific research, in addition to employment and career development.

      USGS/ECO Partnership Program for Student Internships
      and information about the USGS/NAGT Cooperative Summer Geoscience 
      Intership Program and descriptions of USGS/NAGT projects for 2006 .

      USGS Mendenhall Post-Doctoral Fellowship Research Program
      The Mendenhall Program provides an opportunity for postdoctoral fellows to 
      conduct concentrated research in association with selected members of the 
      USGS professional staff. 
      AccessibilityFOIAPrivacyPolicies and Notices 
      U.S. Department of the Interior | U.S. Geological Survey
      URL: http://education.usgs.gov 
      Page Contact Information: USGS Education Web Team 
      Page Last Modified: 11 April 2006  


