Web Accessibility Initiative (WAI) - home page Skip to content | Change text 
  size or colors 
WAI: Strategies, guidelines, resources to make the Web accessible to people with 
disabilities
What WAI DoesWAI develops...
  guidelines widely regarded as the international standard for Web accessibility 

  support materials to help understand and implement Web accessibility 
  resources, through international collaboration 
WAI welcomes...
  participation from around the world 
  volunteers to review, implement, and promote guidelines 
  dedicated participants in working groups 
Site NavigationW3C Home
Web Accessibility Initiative (WAI) Home 
  Introducing Accessibility 
  Guidelines & Techniques 
  Managing Accessibility 
  Evaluating Accessibility 
  WAI Groups 
  About WAI 
  WAI Site Map 
  Help with WAI Site 
   Translations 
   About RSS 
   Search 
Web Accessibility Initiative (WAI)
Announcements
  WAI Web Accessibility Engineer position open 
Events, Meetings, Presentations
  "Evaluating for Accessibility, Usability Testing in Diverse Situations" 
  workshop lead by Shawn Henry at UPA 2006 on 13 June 2006 in Denver, CO, USA 
  "Redesigning www.w3.org/WAI: A Tale of Two Sites" presentation lead by Shawn 
  Henry at UPA 2006 on 14 June 2006 in Denver, CO, USA 
[Past WAI Events] 
[Search Presentations of W3C Team]
Documents in Progress
  Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0 Working Draft 23 November 2005 (WCAG 
  Call for Review) 
  Authoring Tool Accessibility Guidelines 2.0 Working Draft 22 November 2005 
  (ATAG Call for Review) 
  Evaluation and Report Language (EARL) 1.0 Schema Working Draft 09 September 
  2005 (EARL Schema Call for Review) 
[More documents listed on the WAI IG page]SidebarThe power of the Web is in its 
universality. Access by everyone regardless of disability is an essential 
aspect. 
-- Tim Berners-Lee, W3C Director and inventor of the World Wide WebHighlights
For Review: Updated WCAG 2.0 Working Drafts
Web Content Accessibility Guidelines 2.0 (WCAG 2.0) Working Draft documents were 
published 23 November 2005. See:
  Call for Review: WCAG 2.0 Working Drafts 
  Introduction to Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0 Working Draft 
  Documents 
Please send comments by 21 December 2005.   (2005-11-25) 
For Review: Updated ATAG 2.0 Working Drafts
Authoring Tool Accessibility Guidelines 2.0 (ATAG 2.0) Working Draft documents 
were published 22 November 2005. See:
  Call for Review: ATAG 2.0 Working Drafts 
  Authoring Tool Accessibility Guidelines Overview 
Please send comments by 21 December 2005.   (2005-11-25) 
Want to know how people with disabilities use your Web site? Ask.
Web accessibility guidelines, techniques, and tools provide the basis for Web 
accessibility. Including people with disabilities in the Web development process 
helps to understand the "why" behind accessibility. It leads to more effective 
accessibility solutions, developed more efficiently. See "Involving Users in Web 
Accessibility Evaluation".   (2005-11-02)
Web Accessibility 101: The Basics and Beyond
WAI's recently updated "Introduction to Web Accessibility" addresses key issues 
of making the Web accessible, including:
  An accessible Web is essential for equal opportunities for people with 
  disabilities 
  Web accessibility benefits others, such as older people with changing 
  abilities due to aging 
  Web software has a vital role in Web accessibility    (2005-09-12) 
W3C Replies: Single Browser Bad for Accessibility
W3C responded to a US Copyright Office notice asking about making an application 
work only through a single Web browser. W3C comments explain that "requiring use 
of a particular software product for accessing Copyright Office services... 
could put Web users with disabilities at a significant disadvantage."    
(2005-09-06)
The Business Case for Web Accessibility: Three Carrots and a Stick
"Developing a Web Accessibility Business Case for Your Organization" describes 
the social, technical, financial, and legal and policy factors relevant to 
developing a customized business case for Web accessibility for a specific 
organization.    (2005-08-23)
Finding Your WAI: Exploring the New Web Site
WAI's new Web site has been carefully designed to make it easier for you to find 
information on making the Web accessible to people with disabilities.
WAI Web Site Redesign Project lists on-going development to refine the markup, 
design, and features.    (2005-07-22) 
Web Accessibility: The Fellowship of the Guidelines
Many people know about WAI's Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) and the 
responsibilities of Web developers in making the Web accessible to people with 
disabilities. But Web developers alone cannot make the Web accessible. 
Web browsers, assistive technologies, and authoring tools also have a vital role 
in Web accessibility. Essential Components of Web Accessibility describes these 
roles along with the WAI guidelines.    (2005-07-22)
Blogs, Wikis, CMS... Got ATAG?
Web content is created by many different types of tools these days: Web log 
(blog) comment features, Wikis for editing Web pages, content management systems 
(CMS), e-mail archivers, word processors, and more.
All of these tool are covered by WAI's Authoring Tool Accessibility Guidelines 
(ATAG), which explain: 
  how tools should help Web developers produce accessible Web content, 
  how to make tools accessible to people with disabilities. 
Does your tool know ATAG?    (2005-07-22) 



[Highlights Archive] WAI home page Highlights are edited by Shawn Lawton Henry, 
WAI's Education and Outreach Working Group, and other WAI Team and Working 
Groups. 
Sponsors
WAI is supported in part by: the U.S. Department of Education's National 
Institute on Disability and Rehabilitation Research, European Commission's 
Information Society Technologies Programme, Canada's Assistive Devices Industry 
Office, CA, Fundación ONCE, HP, IBM, Microsoft Corporation, SAP, Verizon 
Foundation, and Wells Fargo.
WAI welcomes additional sponsors and contributors.
Validation Logos  
Document Information[Contacting WAI] Comments about this Web site: 
wai-site-comments@w3.org (a publicly archived list).
Copyright © 1994-2006 W3C® (MIT, ERCIM, Keio), All Rights Reserved. W3C 
liability, trademark, document use and software licensing rules apply. Your 
interactions with this site are in accordance with our public and Member privacy 
statements.
Last updated: $Date: 2006/03/31 04:05:02 $ by $Author: shawn $