World Wide Web Consortium
Leading the Web to Its Full Potential...
  Skip to Technologies | Activities | Technical Reports | Site Index | New 
  Visitors | About W3C | Join W3C | Contact W3C 
The World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) develops interoperable technologies 
(specifications, guidelines, software, and tools) to lead the Web to its full 
potential. W3C is a forum for information, commerce, communication, and 
collective understanding. On this page, you'll find W3C news, links to W3C 
technologies and ways to get involved. New visitors can find help in Finding 
Your Way at W3C. We encourage organizations to learn more about W3C and about 
W3C Membership.
W3C Supporters ProgramW3C thanks W3C Members and the individuals and 
organizations who contribute to the Consortium through the W3C Supporters 
Program.
EmploymentCurrent job opportunities at W3C are Web Architecture Specialist, Web 
Accessibility Engineer, and the W3C Fellows Program.
Mobile Web InitiativeThe goal of the Mobile Web Initiative is to make Web access 
from a mobile device as simple, easy, and convenient as Web access from a 
desktop device. Read about MWI and learn how to sponsor MWI.
W3C A to ZSkip to News 
  Accessibility 
  Amaya 
  Annotea 
  CC/PP 
  Compound Document Formats 
  CSS 
  CSS Validator 
  Databinding 
  Device Independence 
  DOM 
  Efficient XML Interchange 
  Health Care and Life Sciences 
  HTML 
  HTML Tidy 
  HTML Validator 
  HTTP 
  Incubator 
  InkML 
  Internationalization 
  Jigsaw 
  Libwww 
  MathML 
  Mobile Web Initiative (W3C-MWI) 
  Multimodal Interaction 
  OWL 
  Patent Policy 
  PICS 
  PNG 
  Privacy and P3P 
  Quality Assurance (QA) 
  RDF 
  Rich Web Clients 
  Rules 
  Semantic Web 
  SMIL 
  SOAP/XMLP 
  SPARQL 
  Style 
  SVG 
  Timed Text 
  URI/URL 
  Validators 
  Voice 
  WAI 
  Web APIs 
  Web Application Formats 
  Web Architecture (TAG) 
  WebCGM 
  Web Services 
  XForms 
  XHTML 
  XLink 
  XML 
  XML Base 
  XML Encryption 
  XML Key Management 
  XML Processing 
  XML Query 
  XML Schema 
  XML Signature 
  XPath 
  XPointer 
  XSL and XSLT 
More topics...NewsSkip to Search
SPARQL Specifications Are W3C Candidate Recommendations
2006-04-06: W3C is pleased to announce the advancement of the SPARQL 
specifications to Candidate Recommendations. With SPARQL (pronounced "sparkle"), 
developers and end users can write and consume search results across a wide 
range of information such as personal data, social networks and metadata about 
digital artifacts like music and images. SPARQL Query Language for RDF specifies 
syntax for authoring, matching and testing. SPARQL Protocol for RDF describes 
remote data access and transmission of queries from clients to processors. The 
SPARQL Query Results XML Format is provided for search results. Visit the 
Semantic Web home page. (News archive)
Note: Multimodal Developer Feedback
2006-04-17: The Multimodal Interaction Working Group has released Multimodal 
Application Developer Feedback as a Working Group Note. The Note documents 
feedback for the W3C Multimodal Interaction and Voice Browser Working Groups to 
consider when specifying future multimodal and voice authoring capabilities. It 
includes features developers liked about their development environments as well 
as features they thought were lacking. Visit the Multimodal Interaction home 
page. (News archive)
Working Draft: Multimodal Architecture and Interfaces
2006-04-14: The Multimodal Interaction Working Group has released an updated 
Working Draft of Multimodal Architecture and Interfaces. The draft is a 
framework and platform for the creation and development of user interfaces that 
allow multiple ways to interact with the Web. With multimodal interaction users 
choose the way or "mode" of access that suits their current needs. Developers 
can provide user interfaces and output for each mode, including displays, 
tactile mechanisms, speech and audio. (News archive)
Working Draft: Internationalization Tag Set
2006-04-14: The Internationalization Tag Set Working Group has published an 
updated Working Draft of the Internationalization Tag Set (ITS). Organized by 
data categories, this set of elements and attributes supports the 
internationalization and localization of schemas and documents. Implementations 
are provided for DTDs, XML Schema and Relax NG, and for existing vocabularies 
like XHTML, DocBook and OpenDocument. Visit the Internationalization home page. 
(News archive)
Advance Notice: Workshop on Device Description Repository
2006-04-13: W3C plans an International Workshop on the Implementation of a 
Device Description Repository on 12-13 July in Madrid, Spain, hosted by 
Telefónica Investigación y Desarrollo. Participants will discuss the design, 
implementation and use of a Device Description Repository (DDR) being proposed 
by the Device Description Working Group. The proposed DDR will provide device 
information to content and service providers for adapting content to suit client 
devices. A Call for Participation for this Workshop is expected in April. Read 
about W3C Workshops and the Mobile Web Initiative. (News archive)
Working Draft: DOM Level 3 Events
2006-04-13: The Web API Working Group has released a Working Draft of Document 
Object Model (DOM) Level 3 Events. Language and platform neutral, the system 
allows registration of event handlers, describes event flow through a tree 
structure, and provides context for each event. The previous version of this 
document was a Working Group Note from the Document Object Model (DOM) Working 
Group. Read about the Rich Web Clients Activity. (News archive)
Note: Defining N-ary Relations on the Semantic Web
2006-04-13: The Semantic Web Best Practices and Deployment (SWBPD) Working Group 
has published Defining N-ary Relations on the Semantic Web as a Working Group 
Note. In Semantic Web languages like RDF and OWL, a property links two 
individuals or an individual and a value. The Note presents patterns and 
considerations for representing relations between more than two individuals or 
values. Visit the Semantic Web home page. (News archive)
Last Call: Mobile Web Best Practices
2006-04-12: The Mobile Web Best Practices Working Group has released a second 
Last Call Working Draft of Mobile Web Best Practices 1.0. The draft describes 
how to produce Web content and Web sites intended for delivery to mobile and 
small-screen devices. Written for all participants in the mobile value chain, 
the document is designed to improve user experience. Comments are welcome 
through 3 May. Read about the W3C Mobile Web Initiative, a joint effort by 
authoring tool vendors, content providers, handset manufacturers, browser 
vendors and mobile operators. (News archive)
Past NewsSearchSkip to Contents

Search W3C
 
  
Search W3C Mailing Lists
TestimonialsOracle Corporation

Oracle is committed to preserving the open standards-based philosophy that has 
made the World Wide Web so successful. We believe the W3C's open, 
consensus-driven process and associated rigorous public reviews make it uniquely 
positioned to guide the Web's technical evolution. (Member testimonials)
MembersMember Home Page 
  Member Submissions 
  Current Members 
  Meetings 
  Fellows 
Get InvolvedW3C Membership Benefits 
  Reasons to Join W3C 
  Mailing Lists 
  Translations 
  Workshops 
  Liaisons 
  Donations to W3C 
  Open Source Software 
  Employment 
  More ways to participate 
IntroductionAbout W3C 
  Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) 
  Glossary 
  Process Document 
  Tutorials 
  More... 
W3C TeamPeople 
  Team Submissions 
PresentationsPublic Presentations 
News RoomW3C News Archive (RSS) 
  Subscribe to W3C Weekly News 
  Press Releases 
  Multilingual Press Release RSS 
  W3C in the Press 
World OfficesThe W3C Offices translate many W3C home page news items. W3C 
Offices are located in these parts of the world:
  Australia 
  Benelux/Bénélux 
  中国 (China) 
  Suomi (Finland) 
  Deutschland und Österreich (Germany and Austria) 
  Ελλάδα (Greece) 
  香港 (Hong Kong) 
  Magyarország (Hungary) 
  भारत (India) 
  ישראל (Israel) 
  Italia (Italy) 
  한국 (Korea) 
  المغرب (Morocco) 
  España (Spain) 
  Sverige (Sweden) 
  United Kingdom and Ireland 
SystemsGet Member Password 
  System Status 



W3C would like to thank the Supporters who have contributed financially or 
through a donation of goods to W3C.
Read about the layout and send comments about this page. Syndicate this page 
with RSS 1.0, an RDF vocabulary used for site summaries.
Webmaster · Last modified: $Date: 2006/04/17 17:00:10 $ |
 |  |  | 
Copyright © 1994-2006 W3C® (MIT, ERCIM, Keio), All Rights Reserved. W3C 
liability, trademark, document use and software licensing rules apply. Your 
interactions with this site are in accordance with our public and Member privacy 
statements.